they are flying squirrels how do they
Phi
just watch
[Music]
maybe gliding squirrel would be a more
accurate name there nonetheless
astonishing that furry membrane
stretching between the wrist and ankle
makes a most efficient aerofoil
[Music]
flying squirrels are not territorial and
as many as half a dozen can be foraging
in the same area of woodland
[Music]
although this little squirrel may have
traveled a very long distance in order
to get this valuable source of food it's
such an expert glider it's done so with
a minimum of effort and in forests like
this one where food sources are often
very widely dispersed
the ability to travel fast and far but
with very little effort is a very
valuable ability indeed there are few
gaps in these forests that defeat them
but across really long distances they do
need height they steer partly with their
tail and partly by moving their
outstretched legs so that they vary the
tension of their gliding membrane
and you can see that they can steer when
one squirrel uses the same take off
point but glides away to land on
different trees
[Music]
even so they're not agile enough in the
air to escape birds of prey so during
the day they sleep in holes and only
emerge when it's dark
[Music]
you